Full-Stack Developer (Node.js, React)

DesignKey
·  Subscribe
Save
 Hide
You have a conversation with this recruiter already. Open dialog →
Join our team to build and grow modern web applications using Node.js (NestJS) and React.
Some projects also involve .NET Core — experience with it will be a plus, but it’s not mandatory. 
You’ll work closely with PMs and clients, contribute to technical decisions, and use AI-assisted coding tools to boost productivity.

Responsibilities:

Develop and maintain web applications and service, sprimarily using NestJS (Node.js) and React.
Participate in projects built on .NET Core, if applicable.
Write clean, readable, and maintainable code following best practices.
Design and implement databases and APIs, (microservices / monolith).
Support and enhance existing features, as well as build new ones.
Collaborate proactively with teammates to ensure high-quality delivery.
Take part in project estimation to ensure realistic timelines and workload.
Manage the technical debt backlog when required.
Work closely with project managers and clients to understand requirements and improve product development.
 

Requirements:

Solid experience with NestJS (Node.js).
Good knowledge of React.
Strong proficiency in C#, ASP.NET, TypeScript will be a plus.
You must have worked with Cursor AI, Cline, Claude Code, or similar for writing code with AI-assisted coding.
Strong analytical skills and ability to effectively utilize AI tools for increased productivity.
At least 2 years of experience in Web UI and API development.
Strong knowledge of REST API implementation.
Experience integrating with third-party APIs and services.
Good understanding of SQL and MySQL.
Experience working with Git for version control.
Familiarity with Azure or AWS.
Understanding of DevOps practices is a plus.
 

What We Offer

Competitive salary with regular reviews.
Support for individual entrepreneurs with accounting assistance.
Fully remote work.
A clear path for professional development and growth.
A friendly team environment and engaging team-building activities (online and offline).
Required skills experience
React.js	1 year
Node.js	1 year
Nest.js	1 year
Artificial Intelligence (AI)	6 months
